---
layout: post
title: Who Cares?
---
*First blog post baby! This feels kinda strange :).*

---

### The World is Interesting. Who Would've Thought?

Recently, I've been feeling more inspired to learn about many aspects of the world. I can't really tell you why. I want to go out and hike more. I want to read more. I want to go to a concert orchestra. I want to learn in-depth about computers. There's so much to do! I think it's because I've been adopting more of a "who cares" attitude towards life.

Not "who cares" in the, "Oh, nothing really matters and nothing ever happens, so why even bother" way, but more like "I don't care how I am perceived. I don't care if I'm 'good' or 'bad' at the things I want to do/learn. I don't care if it's weird to do what I want to do. I just think it's more fun than what I'm currently doing! So who cares? I'm going to do it."

### A Lego Set

Let me elaborate. Recently, I bought and built a Lego set. A toy for children. A literal toy that came in a box that said "12 years+". I had to sheepishly go to the register, look the cashier in the eye, and purchase it for myself.

I did it because I thought it would be fun and more engaging than consuming content on the Internet. Would I willingly share this information with people who I know in real life? Probably not. And before you say anything, this blog doesn't count because no one I know in real life knows about it :).

But I bought it and did it because I wanted to. And it was nice!

Halfway through building the kit, I took a moment to become present with what I was doing. The touch and feel of the little pieces, the tiny snaps whenever I stuck two blocks together, the time I spent just rotating the half-assembled parts around in my hands... it just felt good. I can still recall this moment very vividly.

### I don't want to be mush

When I spend a lot of time consuming content online (a habit that I'm trying to change), I find that afterwards I don't really remember what I've watched. It's not like I have dementia -- of course, I can give you a summary about the video or whatever. But it feels more like I threw something on to just pass the time. There's no "moment" to be present for, as was the case with my Lego set.

I don't think that's a new insight. People have been doing turning on the TV to turn their brain off for decades now. And I'm not here to judge -- I do the same! 

But I think it's making me into a more dull person. It's robbing myself of precious time I could be using to explore my interests more. It's not about pursuing "more productive" hobbies than consuming content. I can use this new-found time to figure out what I *really* enjoy. It's about figuring out more about myself.

I've also noticed that other people who I admire tend not to consume as much online content as I do. They tend to spend their time pursuing more engaging things. Reading, making music, scuba-diving, woodworking, gardening, etc. I would be lying if I said that my behavior change was not influenced by this perception. Shocker, I want to be more like the people whom I admire.

Some might make the argument that "not every moment of your free time should be going towards being 'productive'" or whatever. Some might scoff at my behavior change, commenting that I'm not being genuine in my change, and that I'm just trying to "be like them". And some people will judge me for revealing that I went to a Target to buy a Lego set meant for kids.

But really. Who cares?